Billing & Subscription documentation (#431)
bufbuild/docs.buf.build: docs/subscription/migration.md

---
id: migration
title: Migrate to your new registry
keywords: [Buf Schema Registry, upgrade, subscription, Professional, Team, business, pricing plan]
---

**Buf Professional** gives individual developers complete control over their development environment through a private
instance with a dedicated subdomain, providing an integrated and dependable developer experience. This reduces the
amount of time spent on tedious and repetitive tasks, freeing up more time for developers to create value for their
clients.

Our Professional tier gives organizations a private instance of the BSR with dedicated subdomain instead of the public 
instance at [buf.build](https://buf.build/). When moving to your private instance, you'll need to complete a few 
basic tasks.

## Create Tokens

> Accessing the BSR will need to be configured to login to your new instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to access the BSR, you will need to provide login configuration details via the buf CLI.
```

```terminal
buf registry login example.buf.dev
```

Machine accounts will need to have tokens from the new instance generated also.

## Copy Dependencies

> You'll want to run the following with an admin token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To copy dependencies, run the following with an admin token
```
